(DOCSP-13017): JS SDK Open a Realm Synchronously (#609)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/node/open-a-realm.txt

      }
   };
    
   const realm = await Realm.open(config);

In the above example, the code shows how to open the {+realm+} *asynchronously*
by calling ``realm.open()``. You can also open a realm synchronously by passing

> a ``Configuration object`` to a new instance of the :js-sdk:`Realm.App

Reviewer: * What is a `Configuration object`? It's a Realm [Configuration](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm-sdks/js/latest/Realm.html#~Configuration) - let's link to the API docs for it here.
* This is about `Realm` not `Realm.App`

Author: To address your points:
* It is a Realm Configuration! It's linked just a bit above this (line 18) and later linked below in a different section. I didn't want to include two external links to the same thing in the same section.
* Whoops sorry about that, fixed it now!

> a ``Configuration object`` to a new instance of the :js-sdk:`Realm.App

Author: ```suggestion
a ``Configuration object`` to a new instance of the :js-sdk:`Realm
```

> <Realm.html>` object, which is necessary if the device is offline.

Author: ```suggestion
<Realm.html>` object. This works even if the device is offline. 
```

> <Realm.App.html>` object, which is necessary if the device is offline.

Reviewer: Why is it necessary if the device is offline? From the ticket - `Realm.open` **downloads all the server data that is currently available** but requires an internet connection.

Author: Sorry - it should be "This works even if the device is offline." not that it is necessary. Updated it now.

> <Realm.App.html>` object, which is necessary if the device is offline.

Author: ```suggestion
<Realm.html>` object, which is necessary if the device is offline.
```

.. code-block:: javascript

>    const realm = new Realm.App(config);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   const realm = new Realm(config);
```

.. note::

   The first time a user logs on to your realm app, you should open the realm 
   *asynchronously* to sync data from the server to the device. After that initial 
   connection, you can open a realm *synchronously* to ensure the app works in 

>    an offline state. 

Reviewer: Based on the ticket, it's not about the first time a particular user logs in but rather about whether or not a user is logged in at the time that you open the realm.

I think the motivation is that if a user is already logged in, we want to load the UI as fast as possible. `Realm.open()` doesn't resolve until all pending changes are fully synced so rather than making the user wait for all of that sync to happen we use the `new Realm()` constructor to open the Realm locally. Then it downloads changes in the background and we can update the UI to match the state of the on-device Realm as synced changes come in.

Author: The ticket specifies to open a realm synchronously (via new Realm) if the app user is already logged in. This is not to load the UI as possible, but rather to open a realm even if the phone is offline (it's about internet connectivity not speed). This note is taken from the published [DOTNET page](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/dotnet/open-a-realm/) about opening a realm, and it functions the same way. 

Let me know if this makes sense or if you still have any questions/concerns about this.

Open a Local (Non-Synced) Realm
-------------------------------
When opening a local (non-synced) {+realm+}, you can pass a
:js-sdk:`Configuration() <Realm.html#~Configuration>` object, which may include
the path property defining the local file path to use when storing the data, to

> either :js-sdk:`Realm.open() <Realm.html#.open>` or :js-sdk:`new Realm.App()

Author: ```suggestion
either :js-sdk:`Realm.open() <Realm.html#.open>` or :js-sdk:`new Realm()
```

> <Realm.App.html>`. 

Author: ```suggestion
<Realm.html>`. 
```

> <Realm.App.html>`. 

Reviewer: nits:
* When opening -> To open
* You can pass -> pass

When should I include the path property? If we're going to mention details of the config file let's give a bit more guidance.

Author: * When opening -> To open [Fixed]
* You can pass -> pass [Fixed]

Sure, I've altered the sentence to be more like the .net and ios adjacent sentences: "To open a local (non-synced) realm, pass a Configuration() object to either Realm.open() or new Realm(). The following example creates a Configuration object with a path property that defines the local file path to store data." 

Let me know if that works, or if you have any specific alternatives.
